hi this is Pam dinner here I have a
quick news to share with you I will be
speaking at a content marketing world in
Cleveland Ohio the week of September 3rd
and this will be my ninth time speaking
at that conference I'm super excited
flattered and honored and I challenge
myself to create a brand new speaking
session for that conference and also
made a lot of effort to improve the
workshop materials for content marketers
and for this year my workshop is called
how to leverage existing marketing
elements and the content to enable your
sales team I will be talking about how
you can use existing marketing programs
creatively to support your sales team
how to build a collaboration and a
communication process to activate your
account based marketing and how to
evaluate you are marketing content for
sales and vice versa so if you are
marketing manager or any kind of
marketing manager supporting your sales
team this workshop is for you and for my
session the title is called five
creative weight content marketers can do
to better support their sales team all
right I understand that session title is
very similar to the workshop title but
I'm telling you and I guarantee that the
presentation is completely different and
for example I will be talking about how
to create messaging framework to support
both sales and marketing in my session
which is something I will not be
discussed in the workshop there are many
many topics and tracks will be offered
at the specific conference you should go
to their website and check out if you
are interested in attending please use
promo code Bittner one night again
dinner one night that is thinner 19 -
register you can get $100 off the
registration fee
okay I hope to see you at a content
marketing world Cleveland Ohio September
6 sorry
September 3rd to 6 alright see you there
talk to you soon